First step is "Understand the problem statement".

The problem statement is very simple. We have to display a text on a webpage.

There are multiple ways to display text. But this assignment mentions some requirements. Go to test cases section to understand about them.

2nd step is "Come up with new test cases".

We have to display the text "I am learning React. My life is getting better.".
There are multiple ways to render a text on a webpage. As per the assignment, which tag must be used to render 
the text?
h1 tag - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
div tag
span tag
p tag - This is correct answer.

We should use p tag. It must be rendered inside a React component. In which React component, should we render the p tag?
App component - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
Learner component - This is correct answer.

There are 4 texts given below. All of them look similar, but are not. Which of them should be displayed?
T1: i am learning react.my life is getting better.

T2: I am learning React.My life is getting better.

T3: I am learning React. My life is getting better

T4: I am learning React. My life is getting better.

T1 - This answer is incorrect. You should take care of the case of the letters. I; R in React; m in My; all of these must be in upper case.
T2 - This answer is incorrect. You should take care of white space. There must be exactly one space between full-stop and My.
T3 - This answer is incorrect. You should take care of punctuation. Full-stop at the end is missing.
T4 - This is correct answer.

We have completed the second step. Third step is "Coming up with logic".

For this assignment, logic means step-by-step procedure on
1. What is the HTML content to be rendered?
2. What are the React components we should define?
3. What HTML content should be rendered in each of the React components?
4. Which component must be used in which component? (this is known as composition or composing the components)

Take a paper and write down the answers to the above questions.

Following is what I came up with.
1. A paragraph tag containing the text "I am learning React. My life is getting better."
2.1. We need to define a Learner component (Learner.js is already given as part of the boiler-plate code).
2.2. We also have App component (already given as a part of the boiler-plate code).
3.1. p tag should be rendered inside Learner component.
3.2. No need of any explicit HTML inside App component.
4. Learner component must be rendered inside App component.

Interesting fact:
Any React application will have one single top level component. You can name it anything you want, but most people use the name App.

We have completed the third step. Fourth step is "Convert logic to code".

Following is the logic we came up with.
1. A paragraph tag containing the text "I am learning React. My life is getting better."
2.1. We need to define a Learner component (Learner.js is already given as part of the boiler-plate code).
2.2. We also have App component (already given as a part of the boiler-plate code).
3.1. p tag should be rendered inside Learner component.
3.2. No need of any explicit HTML inside App component.
4. Learner component must be rendered inside App component.

There are various concepts here. Choose an option to learn more about its implementation.
Paragraph tag
Define a React component
Render HTML inside a React component
Compose React components

--------- Begin Paragraph tag

Do you know how what a paragraph tag is and how to use it?
Yes
No - Please revise HTML concepts and solve a couple of HTML assignments that contain paragraph tags. A working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JS is a must, to learn advanced technologies like React. Please revise HTML and then come back to this assignment.

Which of the following is correct way of rendering text inside a paragraph tag?
Method 1: <p I am learning React. My life is getting better./>
Method 2: <p text="I am learning React. My life is getting better."></p>
Method 3: <p>I am learning React. My life is getting better.</p>
Method 4: <p tag>I am learning React. My life is getting better.</p tag>

Method 1 - This answer is incorrect. p tag is not a self-closing tag.
Method 2 - This answer is incorrect. Please revise the concept of p tag.
Method 3 - This is correct answer.
Method 4 - This answer is incorrect. <p tag> is not valid syntax. Please revise the syntax of p tag.

--------- End Paragraph tag

--------- Begin Define a React component
Do you know what a React component is and how to implement one?
Yes
No - Please revise the lectures and come back.

The most basic React component will have 3 parts.
1. Imports
2. A function with the name of the component
3. A return statement within the above function

We have MyComponent.js file in which we are creating a new component. 
Which of the following is the correct way of creating a new component?

-----
Method 1:

import React from "react";

function mycomponent() {
  return <div></div>;
};

-----
Method 2:

import React from "react";

function MyComponent() {
  return <div></div>;
};

Method 1 - This answer is incorrect. Component name should always start with an uppercase letter.
Method 2 - This is correct answer. Component name should always start with an uppercase letter.

--------- End Define a React component

Render HTML inside a React component
Compose React components

--------- Begin Render HTML inside a React component

Inside a React component, we can render any valid HTML.
A React component is basically a Javascript function. Inside it, we can have more functions, variables etc. Also, it will have a return statement as well. 
When a React component is rendered, what exactly is rendered?
Function body - This answer is incorrect. Please revise the lectures.
Return value - This is correct answer. When a React component is rendered, whatever is returned by the return statement is rendered.
Function name

Below is an example showing how to return HTML from a React component.

import React from "react";

function Learner() {
  return (<p>I am learning React. My life is getting better.</p>);
};
--------- End Render HTML inside a React component

--------- Begin Compose React components
Composing the components means rendering one or more React components in another component. Composing allows us to build modular and reusable code. Modularity and Reusability are two of the most important principles in professional software development.

In its most basic form, composing involves 2 components.
1. Parent component
2. Child component

Child component is rendered inside the parent component.

Composing involves the following steps.
1. Export the child component from its file
2. In the parent component file, import the child component
3. Render the child component inside the parent component (i.e. use it in the return statement)

We have already seen composing in the first assignment itself.
Do you know how to export a component and how to import a component?
Yes
No
First assignment deals with the export, import and rendering of components. You can revisit it to revise these concepts.

Below, we have various methods showing how to render one component inside another. Which of them is correct?
-----
Method 1:

const App = () => {
  return (
      <Learner/>
  )
}

-----
Method 2:

const App = () => {
  return (
      {Component1}
  )
}

Method 1 - This is correct answer. Here we are correct syntax for rendering a component.
Method 2 - This answer is incorrect. We should not put a component n flower brackets. We should use it as a tag.

--------- End Compose React components
