First step is "Understand the problem statement".

The problem statement talks about rendering App component on DOM node. This assignment is to familiarize you with the following concepts.
1. How to create App component?
2. How to export the App Component?
3. How to render App component on dom element using ReactDOM.render?

Let us try to break down the question.
The question mentions that there are few lines of codes that were deleted from few files.
From which of the files codes are removed?
Only App.js - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem description carefully.
Only Index.js
Both App.js and Index.js - This is correct answer.

The question also mentions about making default export to 1 compoenent?
Which component is that?
Index Component - This answer is incorrect. There is no component as Index component in this assignment.
App Component - This is correct answer. We have to make default export for App component.

What type of component should be App.js
Class Component - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem description carefully.
Can be either Class or Functional Component
Functional Component - This is correct answer. We have make App component as functional component.

Question also mention about using ReactDOM.render method for rendering App component. In which file should we use this render method?
Index.js - This is correct answer. We have to use ReactDOM.render method in index.js file.
App.js - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem description carefully.

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is "Come up with new test cases".

This assignment is kind of a debugging challenge.

In this assignment we should just render the element given in App.js file. There is no functionality requirement in the question.

So, there are no specific test cases. Just make sure that the element which you are returning inside App component should render succesfully.

We have completed the second step. Third step is "Coming up with logic".

For this assignment, logic means step-by-step procedure on how create App component and how to render it inside index.js file.

In this assignment we have  App.js file and Index.js file. We have to create App component inside App.js file and render it inside index.js file.
The logic is very simple.
1. Create App component.
2. Make App component default export.
3. Render App component inside Index.js file

We have completed the third step. Fourth step is "Convert logic to code".

Following is the logic we came up with.
1. Create App component.
2. Make App component default export.
3. Render App component inside Index.js file.

There are 3 concepts here, Create App component, Export, use ReactDOM.render method. Choose an option to find out how that concept is related to the current question.

How to create App component?
This concept was already covered in previous react assignments i.e. on "render components using react" and "render multiple components using react"
Please go through this assignment to see how to create a compnent.
Just keep in mind this 2 points
1. Do not use named export for App component and
2. Wrap everything inside <div> tag or react fragment(i.e <> </>) in the return statement of App component

How to export a component in React?
This is already discussed in previous assignment. Please refer to assignment "import-export".
We have another file named MainPage.js, located in the same folder as Heading.js.

How to use ReactDOM.render method in index.js.?
To understnd this we should know in which file we have the html element with id = "root".
In which file does the html element with id="root" is present in the default react project (project that we get from npx create-react-app)?
App.js file - This answer is incorrect. index.html file is the root DOM node in React App. Please learn about JSX and go through official documentation of react to learn about this more.
Index.html file
Index.html file - This is correct answer. 
If you look at the html file you could see <div id="root"></div>. 
We call this a “root” DOM node because everything inside it will be managed by React DOM. That is the mounting point for react app.

What of the following is correct syntax for using ReactDOM.render method in index.js file for rendering App component on the DOM element with id="root"?
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById("root")); - This is correct answer.
ReactDOM.render(document.getElementById("root")); - This answer is incorrect.
ReactDOM.render(<App />);

Now that you know all the concepts required to implement our logic, take a paper and write down the code.
1. Create App component.
2. Make App component default export.
3. Render App component inside Index.js file using ReactDOM.render method