First step is "Understand the problem statement".

The problem statement talks rendering multiple components in react. This assignment is to familiarize you with the following concept.
1. How to create multiple component in App.js file and render it in App component?

Let us try to break down the question.
The question asks us to render some html tags. Which of the following tags we have to render in this assignment?
2 paragraph tags- This is correct answer.
paragraph tag and button tag - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem description carefully.

The question also mentions about attribute inside paragraph tags. 
What are the attributes for paragraph tags?
data-ns-test attribute for both tags - This is correct answer. For both tags we have to use data-ns-test attribute.
id tag for both attribute
data-testid attribute of both tags - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.

What are the values inside data-ns-test attribute for each paragraph tags?
Option 1: "project-name" for both paragraph tag.
Option 2: "project-description" for both paragraph tag.
Option 3: "project-name" for tag containing project name and "project-description" for tag containing project description.

Option 1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem description carefully.
Option 2
Option 3 - This is correct answer. 


Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is "Come up with new test cases".

So, there are no specific test cases. Just make sure that you are using the mentioned tags with the correct attribute name and values.

We have completed the second step. Third step is "Coming up with logic".

For this assignment, logic means step-by-step procedure on how to create multiple component and render it inside App component.

The logic for this assignment.
1. Create two components which will return mentioned html tags.
2. Give the attribute mentioned in the problem description with the exact values.

We have completed the third step. Fourth step is "Convert logic to code".

Following is the logic we came up with.
1. Create two components which will return mentioned html tags.
2. Give the attribute mentioned in the problem description with the exact values.

There is only 2 concepts creating a component, rendering component. Choose an option to find out how that concept is related to the current question.

Below we have 2 methods to render a paragraph with data-ns-test id attribute. Which method is correct?

How to create a new component in App.js file?
This part is already covered in assignment 2, only difference is that here you have to create 2 new components. Please refer assignment 2

How to render a component in App component?
This part is already covered in assignment 2, only difference is that here you have to render 2 new components. Please refer assignment 2

Now that you know all the concepts required to implement our logic, take a paper and write down the code.
1. Write two components inside App.js file.
2. Write the mentioned tags inside each component.
3. Render the components inside App component.