First step is "Understand the problem statement".

The problem statement talks about rendering a component in react. This assignment is to familiarize you with the following concepts.
1. How to change id name in react component?
2. How to you render semantic tag in react component?

Let us try to break down the question.
The question asks us to render a component. Inside which tag we have to render that component.
ul tag - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem description carefully.
body tag
html tag
div tag - This is correct answer.

The question also mentions the id name of the div tag.
Which of the following is correct name for the id of div tag?
div - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem description carefully.
component
root - This is correct answer. 


We have to render the text "I am learning React. My life is getting better.", inside which tag should we render this text?
h1 tag - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem description carefully.
div tag
span tag
p tag - This is correct answer.


Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is "Come up with new test cases".

In this assignment we should build only a UI (user interface). There is no functionality requirement in the question.

So, there are no specific test cases. Just make sure that your output matches with the sample screenshot provided in the assignment.

You should render the exact text mention in the problem statement.

We have completed the second step. Third step is "Coming up with logic".

For this assignment, logic means step-by-step procedure on how to relate and compose the various components.

In this assignment we have app component. We need to render the exact text inside the mentioned tags.
The logic is very simple.
1. Change the id of the div tag.
2. Keep a p tag inside div tag
3. Render the exact text inside the p tag.

We have completed the third step. Fourth step is "Convert logic to code".

Following is the logic we came up with.
1. Change the id attribute of the div tag in app.js.
2. Keep a p tag inside div tag
3. Render the exact text inside the p tag.


Below we have 2 methods to write id attribute inside div tag in react. Which method is correct?
------
Method 1:
<div id = "root">
   ...
</div>
------
Method 2:
<div id = root>
   ...
</div>
------
Method 1 - This is correct answer. id name should be inside double quotes
Method 2 - This answer is incorrect. Please revise the concepts and try again.
Both are correct
Both are wrong


Which of the following is correct way of rendering text inside a p tag?
Method 1: <p>I am learning React. My life is getting better.</p>
Method 2: <p I am learning React. My life is getting better./>
Method 3: <p text=""I am learning React. My life is getting better."></p>
Method 4: <p tag>I am learning React. My life is getting better.</p tag>

Method 1 - This is correct answer.
Method 2 - This answer is incorrect. p tag is not a self closing tag
Method 3 - This answer is incorrect. Please revise the concept of basic html.
Method 4 - This answer is incorrect. No need to write tag.


Rendering a component means using it so that it appears in the UI.
In a React application, where does the rendering start from?
App.js - This is correct answer. React application rendering starts from App.js
index.html - This answer is incorrect.
Cannot say - This answer is incorrect.

