First step is "Understand the problem statement".

Do you know what are distinct integers?
Yes
No- Distinct integers means non repeated numbers, that means any number should occur only once in the series

We have some array of elements, which of the following will not have distinct integers in it.
23, 45, 29, 64, 9 - This answer is incorrect, Here we don't have any repeated number so all are distinct.
10, 15, 25, 30, 15 - This is correct answer. Since 15 is repeated so this are not distinct integers.
91, 75, 83, 54, 48 - This answer is incorrect, Here we don't have any repeated number so all are distinct.


"Rightmost integer is always an a leader". Which of the following is rightmost integer in an array?
Last element of array- This is correct answer. There is no element in the right of the last element so it is rightmost element.
First element of array- This answer is incorrect.. Rightmost element is that element which is at last index of array




Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
6 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
7 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of the array - This is correct answer.
First value of the array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
space separated integers- This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Suppose first line contains 23. Then, how many lines will the input have?
23 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
24 - This is correct answer. First line contains 23 means the list has 23 values. Each value is provided in a separate line, starting from 2nd line. So, 23 lines + the first line. Total 24 lines of input.
22 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Cannot say - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.


We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
4
33
41
15
35

Input 2:
5
14
92
54
82
92


Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 1- This answer is incorrect. 
Input 2- This is correct answer. Input 2 is invalid because 92 is repeated in the array and in the description it is mentioned that all elements should be distinct.


Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.


How many lines should the output contain?
3 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
4 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer.

In which order we have to print the leader elements that we got in the final array?
Option1: In same order they appeared in the given array.
Option2: In the order just opposite to the order they appear in the given array.
Option3: In any order

Option1- This answer is incorrect. Please read the output decription carefully.
Option2- This is correct answer. It is mentioned in the output description that we have to print rightmost leader element first then next rightmost leader element and so on..
Option3- This answer is incorrect. Please read the output decription carefully.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
4
33
41
15
35


What should be the output for the above input?
Output1:
35
15
41
33

Output2:
15
33
35
41

Output3:
35
41

Output4:
33
41

Output1- This answer is incorrect. Here 15 and 33 are mentioned which are not leader element. Please read the output description carefully.
Output2- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think it is correct, because the elements are sorted? Please read the output description carefully.
Output3- This is correct answer. Since rightmost leader element is 35 and after that 41.
Output4- This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.


While trying to understand the input and output format, we also saw a few test cases. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.

1. Normal test cases - length of the array is like 5, 8 and 10 .
1.1 When there is only 1 leader element in the array.
1.2 When there is multiple leader elements in the array


Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 2 new test cases.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previously.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
4
33
41
15
35

I will try to explain what I did.

I looked at the first line. It contains 4 that means there are 4 elements in the array

Then I see all the elements of the array.

Then I started from the last element of the array (i.e 35). Why last? Because we have to print rightmost element first.

And rightmost element is always a leader element, so I got first leader element i.e 35

Now I see next element (the element just before 35) i.e 15 and compare it with 35, here 35 is greater so 15 is not a leader element.

Now I move to next element i.e. 41 and compare it with 35 (Why not 15?), since 35 is the largest element to the right of 41. I see 41 is greater, so I got 2nd leader element i.e 41.

Now I move to next element i.e. 33 and compare it with 41, since 41 is the largest element to the right of 33. 33 is smaller than 41 so 33 is not leader element.

So total 2 leader elements i.e 35 and 41.



Now imagine that there are 1000 elements in the array
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words.

1. As there are 1000 elements in the array, it will be difficult for me to remember all the elements of the array, so I will write all the elements of  the array in paper.
2. Now I know rightmost element is always  a leader element, so I will write it down
3. Since if there are too many leader elements so it will be difficult for me to remember all the leader elements, so I have to write all the leader elements in the paper.
4. Now I will start from second last element of the array and compare it with the last element and see which is greater, this is to keep track of the maximum element to the right side of any element.
5. So here I have observed that I have to start from last element of array and move to start unlike the previous problems that I solved also I have to keep track of maximum value from rigt of any element.


Following is what I came up with.

We have 2 major phases in the implementation.
Phase 1: One is to read the elements of the the array.
Phase 2: Second is finding all the leader elements.

Phase 1
1. Read the length of the array(let's call it n).
2. Create an empty array.
3. Read the next value from input.
4. Append it to array.
5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 untill you read all the values of the array.
Phase 2
6. Create an empty array called resArr
7. Create a variable call maxx and store element which is at index n-1 (i.e. last element of array).
8. Create a variable i and initialize it to n-2 i.e. length of array minus 2 (Why n-2).
9. Compare maxx with the element at index i. If element at index i is greater then maxx value then update maxx value with the value at index i and also append value at index i to resArr, otherwise do nothing.
10. Now decrease the value of i
11. Repeat step 9 and 10 untill we reach to start of the array.
12. Now display each element of array in separate line starting from index 0.



Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.

There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (steps 1 and 3).
b. Displaying output (step 12).
c. Repeating the process for one number at a time (steps 5 and 11).
d. Create a new variable(steps 7 and 8).
e. Create an empty array (steps 2 and 6).

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignments like "Rating contest" or "Even or Odd"
How to take different actions? - Please refer to the assignment "Rating contest"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
How to Initialize an empty array? Please refer to assignment "Good Pairs"
How to use break statements?- Please refer to the lectures where break statements are covered
How to append an element in array? Please refer to the assignment like "good pairs" and "lucky number"
