First step is "Understand the problem statement".

We have an array, what do we have to find in this array?
Option 1: Number of zeroes present in the array.
Option 2: Number of negative numbers present in the array.
Option 3: Number of positive numbers present in the array.

Option 1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
Option 2 - This is correct answer.
Option 3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.


Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
1 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
2 lines - This is correct answer. There are 2 lines present in the input.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of the array - This is correct answer.
First value of the array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Space separated integers - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

What does the second line of input contain?
Size of the array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
First value of the array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Space separated integers - This is correct answer.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
5
9 37 36 28 20

Input 2:
4
-48 56 68 -49 73

Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 1 - This answer is incorrect. Why do you think this is invalid, because there are no negative numbers in the array.
Input 2 - This is correct answer. Input 2 is invalid. First line contains 4, which means there are 4 numbers in the array but in second line we have 5 numbers. 
Both are invalid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Both are valid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.

How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This is correct answer. Output should contain 1 line representing number of negative numbers in the array.
2 lines - 
3 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
6
-8 30 86 57 -17 -93

What should be the output for the above input?
0 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
6 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
3 - This is correct answer.

Based on your understanding, come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.

1. Normal test cases - length of the array is like 5, 8, 10 etc.
1.1 All positive integers.
1.2. All negative integers.
1.3. A mix of positive, negative and 0.

Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 3 new test cases.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previosuly.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
6
-8 30 86 57 -17 -93

I will try to explain what I did.
I looked at the first line. It contains 6. So, I came to know that there will be 6 values in the array.

Then is looked at second line which has 6 elements separated by space.

Then I looked at first element of array -8. I see that it is negative. So, now my I have 1 negative number.

Then I looked at second element of array 30. I see that it is positive. I can ignore this since I have to count only negative numbers in the array.

Then I looked at third element of array 86. I see that it is positive. I can ignore this also since it is positive

Then I looked at fourth element of array 57. I see that it is positive. I ignored this also.

Then I looked at fifth element of the array -17. I see that it is negative. So, I increase my count of negative number by 1, since I got 1 more negative number.

So my count of negative numbers is 2 now.

Then I looked at sixth element of the array -93. I see that it is negative. So, I increase my count of negative number by 1, since I got 1 more negative number.

So my total count of negative numbers is 3 now.

There are no more elements after 3 so my final count is 3.

Now imagine that the array size is 1000.
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words.

1. As I process 1000 values, it will be difficult for me to remember elements of the array in my memory. So, I will take a paper and write down the all the elements of array. That way, for every value, I will update the paper and I don't need to worry about forgetting.
2. If it is a small array like 3 or 5 values, then it is easy for me to remember how many values I checked. But 1000 is a large number. So, to avoid checking more than 1000, I will also keep a count of how many values I checked until now. Whenever it reaches 1000, I will stop processing. This count also, I will write on a paper.

Following is what I came up with.

1. Read the size of array.
2. Read the next line which is space separated integers, and store them in array as numbers.
3. Create a variable called negativeCount and initialize it to 0.
4. Create a variable i and initialize it to 0.
5. Go to element at index 0 of the input array.
6. Check if it is less than 0 or not, if it is less than 0 then increase the count of negativeCount by 1, else do nothing.
7. Increase the count of i by 1.
8. Repeat steps 5,6 and 7 till i reaches the size of array.
9. Display the negativeCount.

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.

There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (step 1).
b. Creating new variables (steps 3 and 4).
c. Check if a number is negative (step 3).
d. Displaying output (step 9).
e. Repeating the process for one number at a time (step 8).
f. Read the space separated integers and store them in array (step 2).

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignments like "Rating contest" or "Even or Odd"
How to take different actions? - Please refer to the assignment "Rating contest"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
