First step is "Understand the problem statement".

What do we have to do if numOfFolds = 3?
Option 1: Fold the array 3 times
Option 2: Fold only three elements of array.

Option-1- This is correct answer.
Option-2- This answer is incorrect. numOfFolds will tell us how many times we have to fold the array. Please read problem description carefully.

Suppose initially length of array is 6, what will be the length of array after first fold.
Option 1: 3
Option 2: Can't determine, since elements of array are not given.
Option 3: No change, it will remain 6.
Option 4: 4

Option 1: This is correct answer. After 1 fold length will be half, so it will be 6/2 i.e 3.
Option 2: This is incorrect answer, why we need elements of array to calculate this?
Option 3: This is incorrect answer, after 1 fold it length will be half.
Option 4: This is incorrect answer.

In previous example, it was easy to calculate length of array after 1 fold, since number was even. Now what will be the length of array after 1 fold it its initial length is 9.
4.5- This answer is incorrect, since the length can never be in decimal.
4- This is incorrect answer. Please read the problem description carefully.
5- This is correct answer.

Now what if er have to do multiple folds in an array, what will be the length of array after 3 folds in its initial length is 15?
5- This answer is incorrect, Why do you thinks 5, because 15/3=5. It will not happen like this, try to see how length is changing in each folds.
2- This is correct answer. After 1 fold length will be 8, then after second fold its 4 and finally after third fold it is 2.
4- This is incorrect answer. Length will be 4 after 2 folds, you have to do 3 folds here.


Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
7 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
8 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of array - This is correct answer.
First element of the array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Number of times we have to fold the array- This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

What does the last line of input contain?
Last element of array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Number of times we have to fold the array- This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Suppose first line of input contains 15. Then, how many lines will the input have?
15 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
17 - This is correct answer. First line contains 17 means the array has 17 values. Each value is provided in a separate line, starting from 2nd line. And last line contains number of times we have to fold the array. So, 15 lines + the first line + last line. Total 17 lines of input. (Will the number of folds greater than length of array?)
16 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Cannot say - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.


We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
4
28
52
61
47
31
1

Input 2:
5
36
59
17
94
66
2


Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 2- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think it is not valid, because length of array is odd? Please read the input description carefully.
Input 1- This is correct answer. Input 1 is invalid because first line contains value 4, so there should be 4+2=6 lines in input, but here we have 7 lines.


Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.


How many lines should the output contain?
3 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
5 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is correct. Since output depends on initial size of array and number of times we have to fold the array.

What does the first line of output contain?
Size of the final array- This is correct answer.
First element of final array- This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Don't know- Please read the output description carefully.

Suppose first line of input contains 11. Then, how many lines will the input have?
11 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
12 - This is correct answer. First line contains 11 means the final array has 11 values. Each value is provided in a separate line, starting from 2nd line. So, 11 lines + the first line + last line. Total 12 lines of output.
13 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Cannot say - This answer is output. Please read the input description carefully.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
4
30
40
50
10
1

What should be the output for the above input?
Output-1
2
40
90

Output-2
1
40
90

Output-3
2
70
60

Output-2 - This answer is incorrect. How many elements are in the final array?
Output-3 - This answer is incorrect. Have you folded the array correctly.
Output-1 - This is correct answer.


Consider the following input.
Input:
7
13
8
22
35
28
42
57
3


What should be the output for the above input?
Output-1
1 
205

Output-2
2
105
100

Output-3
4
70
50
50
35

Output-2 - This answer is incorrect. We have to do total 3 folds.
Output-3 - This answer is incorrect. Last line of input says 3 that means we have to do 3 folds, but this elements we will get after 1 fold only.
Output-1 - This is correct answer.


While trying to understand the input and output format, we also saw a few test cases. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.

1. Normal test cases - length of the list is like 5, 8, 10 etc.
1.1 When number of folds is 1.
1.2 When number of fold is greater than 1.


Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 2 new test cases.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previously.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
7
13
8
22
35
28
42
57
3

I will try to explain what I did.

I looked at the first line. It contains 7 that means there are 7 elements in the array

Then I see in the next 7 lines there are 7 elements of the array.

Now I looked into last line of input which is 3 so I have to fold the array 3 times.

Now I have to do first fold for the initial array.

Now I added first element (i.e. index 0 element) to the last index (i.e. index 6 element), which is 13+57=70.

Again I added second element (i.e. index 1 element) to the second last index element (i.e. index 5 element) which is 8+42=50.

Again I added third element (i.e. index 3 element) to the third last element (i.e. index 4 element) which is 22+28=50.

Now there is no pair for middle element i.e. 35, since the length of array was odd this time.

Now I have element 70,50,50,35 after first, I have to to 2 more folds with this new values I got.

I repeated the above steps again for 2nd fold, so I got 105 and 100.

Again after repeating above steps I got 205, after third fold. So at the end I got only 1 element so length of my final array is 1.

Now imagine that the array has 1000 elements and numOfFolds=20.
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words.

1. As I process 1000 values, it will be difficult for me to remember all the elements of array, so I will write down all the numbers in a paper.
2. Then I see I have to fold the array 20 times.
3. It is difficult for me to remember the elements of the array after every folds. So I wrote down the elements after each fold in paper.
4. Here I have observed that while folding the array there is relation between index of elements and length of array. Suppose if first element index value is i then its pair will have index value length of array minus i minus 1.

Following is what I came up with.

We have 2 major phases in the implementation.
Phase 1: One is to read the sequence and store it in an array.
Phase 2: Second is folding the array.

1. Read the size of array from input
2. Create an empty array
3. Read the next value from input
4. Append it to the array
5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 until you read all values of the sequence
6. Read the last line of input i.e. number of folds.
Phase 2
7. Create a variable called len and store length of array in it.
8. Create an empty array called resArr.
9. Create a variable i and initialize it to 0
10. Now add element at ith index and element at index at len-i-1 (why not len - i?)
11. Now increment the value i.
12. Repeat step 9 and 10 untill i reach middle element of array.
13. Now check if len is odd or even.
13.1 If len is odd then, then append middle element of array to resArr, otherwise do nothing.
14. Repeat step 8,9,10,11,12,13 untill the array is fold numOfFolds time.
15. Now display the length of the final array.
16. Now display all the elements of final array line by line.


Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.

There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (step 1,3 and 6).
b. Creating new variable (steps 7,8 and 9).
c. Displaying output (step 15 and 16).
d. Repeating the process for one number at a time (steps 5, 12 and 14).
e. Creating an empty array (step 2).

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignments like "Rating contest" or "Even or Odd"
How to take different actions? - Please refer to the assignment "Rating contest"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
How to create an empty array?- Use let arr = [], please refer lecture recordings this is covered in lecture.
