First step is "Understand the problem statement".

We will be given an array of integers.
We need to find how many pairs of indices (i,j) are there in the array that satisfy the following conditions:
1. i < j and
2. arr[i] === arr[j].

Suppose the array is [23, 44, 31, 23, 54]. How many pairs of indices satisfy the required conditions?
1 -
This is correct answer.
(0, 3) is the only pair satisfying the required conditions i.e.,
1. 0 < 3 and
2. The value at index 0 and the value at index 3 in the array are equal (equal to 23).

2 - This is incorrect answer. Please read the problem statement carefully.
4 - This is incorrect answer. Please read the problem statement carefully.

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
5 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
6 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
1 - This is correct answer. As input description says "Single line containing a list of integers separated by spaces" will be given.

What does the input contain?
Space separated integers - This is correct answer.
Size of the array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
15 Hello 32 44 89

Input 2:
15 -11 32 44 89

Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 1 - This is correct answer. Input 1 is invalid. The input description says that they will provide a list of integers and "Hello" is a string.
Input 2 - This answer is incorrect. Why did you think it is invalid? Is it because it contains a negative number? Please read the input description carefully.
Both are invalid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Both are valid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.

How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This is correct answer. Output should contain 1 line.
2 - 
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
32 44 32 23 44

What should be the output for the above input?
0 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
2 -
This is correct answer.
We need to print the count of pairs of indices.
(0, 2) and (1, 4) are the pairs of indices. So the output should be 2.

3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.

Consider the following input.
Input:
105 29 615 -32 89 54 31

What should be the output for the above input?
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
0 -
This is correct answer.
There are no pairs of indices (i,j) are in the array that satisfy the following conditions:
1. i < j and
2. arr[i] === arr[j].

2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.

While trying to understand the input and output format, we also saw a few test cases. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.
---
1. Normal test cases - length of the array is like 5, 8, 10 etc.
1.a. First number is repeated in multiple places in the array
1.b. First number is repeated back to back in the array
1.c. First number is repeated and a few other numbers are also repeated
---
2. Boundary test cases
2.a. array contains only 1 number
2.b. No numbers are repeated in the array
2.c. Entire array contains only a single number repeatedly

Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 6 new test cases.

Write them on a paper.

Wrote the test cases

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previously.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
32 44 32 23 44

I will try to explain what I did.

I looked at the first line. It contains space separated integers which are 32, 44, 32, 23, 44.

Then I looked at index 0.
The number at index 0 is 32.
I need to know if it occurs again in the array apart from it's current occurrence (occurrence at > index 0).

Then I looked at index 1.
The number at index 1 is 44.
It is different from 32 (number at index 0).

Then I looked at index 2.
The number at index  2 is 32.
It is same as 32 (number at index 0).
(0, 2) is the 1st pair of indices
(as 0 < 2 and arr[0] === arr[2] which is 32).

Then I looked at index 3.
The number at index 3 is 23.
It is different from 32 (number at index 0).

Then I looked at index 4.
The number at index 4 is 44.
It is different from 32 (number at index 0).

I reached the end of the list, so I recalled from my memory that 32 is at 1 pair of indices (0, 2).

But, I realized that i have only compared every number of the array with the number at index 0, i have to repeat the same process for every index.

Then I looked at the array again, this time leaving the index 0, looking at index 1.
The number at index 1 is 44.
I need to know if it occurs again in the array apart from it's current occurrence (occurrence at > index 1).

Then I looked at index 2.
The number at index 2 is 32.
It is different from 44 (number at index 1).

Then I looked at index 3.
The number at index 3 is 23.
It is different from 44 (number at index 1).

Then I looked at index 4.
The number at index 4 is 44.
It is same as 44 (number at index 1). 
(1, 4) is the 2nd pair of indices
(as 1 < 4 and arr[1] === arr[4] which is 44).

I reached the end of the list again,
So I recalled from my memory that:
32 is at 1st pair of indices (0, 2) and
44 is at 2nd pair of indices (1, 4).
So, till now 2 good pairs have been found.

But, I realized that i have only compared every number of the array with the numbers at index 0 and index 1,
I have to repeat the same process for every index.

I have repeated the same process for every index and i have found only 2 pairs (0, 2) and (1, 4). So the output is 2.

You would have something similar. Can you try to write down an algorithm based on this?

Following are some hints.
1. What do you need to read from input?
2. What do you need to store? When will you use it?
3. What do you need to update? And when should you update?

Following is what I came up with.
1. Write down the count of pairs as 0
2. Read the array numbers
3. Take the first number in the array as current number
4. Take the next number in the array
5. Check if it is same as the current number
6. If yes, increase the count of pairs
7. Repeat steps 4, 5 and 6 until you reach the end of the array
8. Now, Take the second number in the array
9. Repeat steps 4, 5 and 6 until you reach the end of the array
10. Similarly, Repeat steps 8 and 9 until you reach the end of the array
11. By the end, count of pairs will contain the number of good pairs as per problem statement

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.
There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input into a variable (step 2)
b. Creating new variables (steps 1, 2, 3 and 4)
c. Converting the read input into an array
d. Check if one number is same as another number (step 5)
e. Iterating over nested loops
f. Displaying output (step 11)
g. Repeating the check for one number at a time

We have discussed a, b, d and f in previous assignments multiple times.

How to convert space separated integers into an array of integer strings? - 

Please refer to assignments like "Predict the quadrant" or "Train" from STOC Module

Consider "24 32 44 -20" is the given space separated integer input.
After writing the following code:

let arr = readLine().split(" ");
console.log(arr);

What would be the output?

[24, 32, 44, -20] - This is correct answer. `.split(" ")` will split the given string separated with " " (space) into array of strings
[24] - This answer is incorrect, Please watch the lecture on Introduction to Arrays and come back.
24 - This answer is incorrect, Please watch the lecture on Introduction to Arrays and come back.

What are Nested loops? - Please refer to assignments like "Pattern 122333" or "Diamond" from STOC Module

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignment "Even or Odd"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code?

Until now we have learnt and used various concepts.
- Variables: used to store data
- Arithmetic operators: used for operations like +, -, *, /, %
- Comparison operators: used for operations like <, <=, >, >=, ===, !==
- Conditional statement: used to decide between different actions
But in this problem we want to repeat some set of steps. None of the above concepts can do that. Loops will help us to repeat a set of steps.

Do you know about for loop?
Yes
No - Please watch the lecture on for loop and come back.

Below is the syntax of "for" loop.

for (init_expr; loop_cond; step_expr) {

     // Code that you want to execute repeatedly

}

Note that there are 2 kinds of brackets here.
1. Circular brackets also known as Parentheses - opening bracket is "(", closing bracket is ")"
2. Flower brackets - opening bracket is "{", closing bracket is "}"

Then we also have semi-colons - (i.e. ";")

You should be very careful when writing for loops.
1. You must use the correct type of brackets
2. You must use opening bracket at the correct place
3. You must use closing bracket at the correct place
4. You must use semi-colons at the correct place

Inside the "for" loop, you can write any valid code.

Below is an example of a "for" loop

for (let i = 0; i < listSize; i = i + 1) {

    let val = parseInt(readLine());

}

Suppose the value of listSize is 7. How many times will the body of for loop execute?
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please watch the lecture on for loop and come back.
6 - This answer is incorrect. Please watch the lecture on for loop and come back.
7 - This is correct answer.
Don't know - Please watch the lecture on for loop and come back.

Now we want the body of for loop to execute only 6 times. Bablu and Cherry gave 2 suggestions on how to achieve it.

Bablu says write the loop as below.

for (let i = 1; i < listSize; i = i + 1)

Cherry says write the loop as below.

for (let i = 0; i < listSize - 1; i = i + 1)

Which of them is correct?
Bablu - Bablu is correct. Cherry is also correct.
Cherry - Cherry is correct. Bablu is also correct.
Both - Yes, both are correct.
None - This answer is incorrect. Please watch the lecture on for loop. Focus on the dry run part.

If you want detailed example of a for loop, please watch the lecture on for loop.

Now we know all the concepts required to convert our algorithm into code. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

By now we have converted our entire algorithm into code.
We have completed 4 steps.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3. Coming up with logic (or algorithm)
4. Converting logic to code
Next step is to execute the code and test with different test cases.

You have the code on your paper. Now write it in your computer and execute it with various test cases.
If all test cases are passing, then submit it on the student portal.