First step is "Understand the problem statement".

Which of the following statement is correct regarding image?
It is 1D array- This is correct answer.
It is 2D array- This answer is not correct. Please read the problem description carefully.

Which of the following statement is correct regarding icon?
It is 1D array- This is correct answer.
It is 2D array- This answer is not correct. Please read the problem description carefully.

What do we have to check in the image (i.e a 1D array)?
Option-1: If all elements of icons(i.e. also 1D array) are present in image at least once
Option-2: Number of times all elements of icons(i.e. also 1D array) are present in the image, in the same order as they are in icon.

Option-1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem description carefully.
Option-2 - This is correct answer.


Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
14 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
15 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of Image - This is correct answer.
Pixels of Image - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Size of Icon- This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Suppose first line of input contains 8, then what does line 10 contain?
First pixel of image - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Size of Icon- This is correct answer
First Pixel of Icon- This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Suppose first line of input contains 11. Then, how many lines will the input have?
12 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
15 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
20 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Cannot say - This is correct answer. Since size of Icon is not mentioned, so it is difficult to decide the length of input.


We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
0
3
28
32
71

Input 2:
3
95
39
38
0

Input 3:
2
85
64
1
85
64


Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 1- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think this is not a valid answer? Because size of Image is 0. Please read the input description carefully.
Input 2- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think this is not a valid answer? Because size of Icon is 0. Please read the input description carefully.
Input 3- This is correct answer. Input 3 is invalid because here size of icon is mentioned as 1 but there are 2 elements in the Icon.

Which of the following option is correct regarding the below sample input?
Input:
0
0

O1: This is invalid input.
O2: Here size of image is 0 and size of icon is also 0

O1- This answer is incorrect. Both image and icon can be of size 0. Please read the input description carefully.
O2- This is correct answer.

Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.


How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This is correct answer. There is only 1 line in output denoting the number of times icon occurs in the image.
2 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.



Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
4
61
61
61
61
1
61


What should be the output for the above input?
0- This answer is incorrect. The icon appears(i.e. 61) in the image. Why did you think output is 0?
2- This answer is incorrect. Please read the input/output description carefully.
4- This is correct answer. Since 61 appears 4 times in the image, so correct output is 4



Input:
4
58 
42 
35 
73
2
35
42

What should be the output for the above input?
0- This is correct answer.
1- This answer is incorrect. 35 and 42 pixels are there in image but there order is not same. 
This input is not valid- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think it is not valid. Please read input/output description carefully.




While trying to understand the input and output format, we also saw a few test cases. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.

1. Normal test cases - length of the image and icon is like 5, 8 and 10 .
1.1 When icon does not appear single time in the image
1.2 When icon appear at least 1 time in image.

2. Boundary cases
2.1 When length of any of the image or icon is 0


Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 3 new test cases.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previously.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
4
58 
42 
35 
73
2
35
42

I will try to explain what I did.

I looked at the first line. It contains 4 that means the size of 1D image is 4 (There are 4 pixels in image).

Then I see in the next 4 lines, these are 4 pixels of 1D image.

Then I looked at next line, it contains 2, that means the size of icon is 2 (there are 2 pixels in icon)

Then I looked into first element of image(i.e 58), and compare it with first element of icon(i.e 35) and see they are not equal.

Then I moved to next element of the image(i.e. 42), and compare it with first element of icon(i.e 35) and see they are not equal.

Then again I moved to next element of the image(i.e. 35), and compare it with first element of icon(i.e 35) and see they are equal.

Since they are equal so I compared next element of image(i.e 73) to next element of icon(i.e 42). They are not equal.

Since they are not equal, and also there is only one pixel left in the image array, so I stoppped comparing. Because we need at least 2 pixels, since there are two pixels in icon.

Since the icon is not appeared even single time in the image, so output will be 0


Now imagine that there are 1000 pixels in image, and 10 pixels in icon.
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words.

1. As there are 1000 pixels in the image, it is difficult for me to remember all the pixels so I will write it down in paper.
2. Now there 10 pixels in icon, that also I have to write in paper.
3. Now I have to keep start comparing each pixel with the first pixel of icon, f they are equal then I will move to next pixel of both image and icon and compare it, I will repeat it till I reach end of the Icon pixels.
4. If all the pixels of icon appeared in the image with the same order, then I will that count.
5. Similarly I will count total how many times that icon appear in the inage.


Following is what I came up with.

We have 2 major phases in the implementation.
Phase 1: One is to read the pixels of image(i.e 1D array) and icon(i.e 1D array).
Phase 2: Second is count the number of times icon is appearing in the array

1. Read the length of 1D array from input(i.e. length of image).
2. Create an empty array (for storing pixels of image).
3. Read the next value from input
4. Append it to the array
5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 until you read all the elements of 1D array.
6. Read the length of 1D array from input(i.e. length of icon).
7. Create an empty array (for storing pixels of icon).
8. Read the next value from input
9. Append it to the array
10. Repeat steps 8 and 9 until you read all the elements of 1D array.
Phase 2
11. Create a variable called count and initialize it to 0 (for counting the number of times icons repeat in image).
12. Create a variable i and initialize it to 0.
13. Go to element with index i, of the image array and compare it with element at index 0, of icon array.
14. If both the elements are not equal then move to next element of image, otherwise,
14.1 Compare next element of image array to next element of icon array.
14.2 Repeat step 14.1 till you reach end of icon array.
15 We need to check if we came out of the loop because elements of the image and icon array elements are not equal or we reach the end of the icon array.
16. If we came out of the loop beacuse we reach end of icon array, then increase count value by 1, otherwise do nothing.
17. Go to the next element of image array by increasing the value of i by 1, or increase it by length of Icon array minus 1 if all pixels of Icon appears in Image array in same order.
18. Repeat steps 13, 14, 14.1, 14.2, 15, 16, 17 till we reach end of the image array.
19. Display the count value.


Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.

There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (steps 1,3,6 and 8).
b. Displaying output (step 19).
c. Repeating the process for one number at a time (steps 5,10,14.2 and 18).
d. Creating an empty array (steps 2 and 7).
e. Creating new variable (steps 11 and 12).

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignments like "Rating contest" or "Even or Odd"
How to take different actions? - Please refer to the assignment "Rating contest"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
How to create an empty array?- Use let arr = [], please refer lecture recordings this is covered in lecture.
How to read space separated numbers as input? Please refer to assignments like "good pairs"
