First step is "Understand the problem statement".

Q1: The problem statement mentions that we will have a sorted array. Do you know the meaning of sorted?
Yes
No - Sorted means arranged in either ascending order or descending order.

Which of the following sequence is not sorted?
5,5,5,5-This is incorrect answer. Since all the integers are same, so they are also sequence of sorted integers.
9,5,3,3- This is incorrect answer.Here integers are sorted in descending order
6,7,10,2- This is correct answer. The numbers are neither in ascending order nor in descending order. So they are not sorted.

We are given n integers. What is n supposed to be according to the problem statement.
number of inputs for given problem- This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
natural numbers- This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
size of array- This is correct answer. n is size of array.


As per the problem statement, we have to print -1 in some scenarios. We have 4 scenarios below. In which of these scenarios should we print -1? 
S1: When all elements of array are same - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
S2: When all the elements of the array are negative - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
S3: When frequency of all the elements in the array is same - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
S4: When none of the element in the array has frequency equal to its value- This answer is correct


Below are couple of sequence, identify the lucky number/s in each sequence.
2
2
3
3
3

only 2- This answer is incorrect. 3 is also lucky number. Since here it is not asked to identify first lucky number in sequence. You have to look for all the lucky number.
only 3- This answer is incorrect. 2 is also lucky number here.
both 2,3- This is correct answer
None- This answer is incorrect. Please read problem description and go through defination of lucky number.


4
4
4
4
4

4- This answer is incorrect. Here we have 5 numbers and all are 4. So frequency of 4 is not equal to 4, so 4 is not a lucky number.
5- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think 5, because 4 is repeated 5 times? 5 is not even in the sequence.
No lucky number- This is correct

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
4 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
5 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer. Until we read the first line of input, we don't know how many lines the input contains.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of the sequence - This is correct answer.
First value of the sequence - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
space separated integers- This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Suppose first line contains 23. Then, how many lines will the input have?
23 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
24 - This is correct answer. First line contains 23 means the list has 23 values. Each value is provided in a separate line, starting from 2nd line. So, 23 lines + the first line. Total 24 lines of input.
22 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Cannot say - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
3
10
8
5

Input 2:
3
7
7
7

Input 3:
2
-5
3

Input 4:
3
4
6.5
9

Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 1- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think this is invalid, because numbers are in decreasing order? Please read the input description carefully.
Input 2- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think this is invalid, because all numbers are same? Please read the input description carefully.
Input 3- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think this is invalid, because there is one negative integer? Please read the input description carefully.
Input 4- This is correct answer. Input 4 is invalid, because it has decimal value.And in the problem description it is given that we have n integers, so there will be no decimal values.



Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.


How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This is correct answer. Output should contain 1 line.
2 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
3 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
6
1
2
2
3
3
3

What should be the output for the above input?
-1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
1 - This is correct answer.

We need to print the number whose frequency is same as that of its value.Here all three elements have satisfy that criteria. So all three(i.e 1,2,3) are lucky numbers

But If we have more than one lucky number then we have to print the number which has occured first(element with least index). Here number 1 has occured first so output is 1

While trying to understand the input and output format, we also saw a few test cases. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.

1. Normal test cases - length of the list is like 5, 8, 10 etc.
1.1 Only 1 lucky number
1.2. Multiple lucky numbers

2. Boundary test cases
2.1. All the vlaues in the list are same
2.2. List have multiple values and only last value is lucky number


Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 4 new test cases.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previously.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
6
1
2
2
3
3
3

I will try to explain what I did.

I looked at the first line. It contains 6. So, I came to know that there will be 6 values in the sequence.

Then I looked at 1.And wrote the count of 1 equals to 1.

Then I looked at 2 and compared it with previous value that is 1, they are not equal.

Now I compared count of 1 with 1, I see that both are same. I got lucky number now, so I don't have to check further. Since it is asked to return lucky number with least index.

If you observe for this test case there are three lucky numbers, but output will be 1, since the number 1 is having least index

Now imagine that the list size is 1000.
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words.

1. As I process 1000 values, it will be difficult for me to remember the frequency number in my memory. So, I will take a paper and write down the number with its frequency. That way, for every value, I will update the paper and I don't need to worry about forgetting.
2. If it is a small list like 3 or 5 values, then it is easy for me to remember how many values I checked. But 1000 is a large number. So, to avoid checking more than 1000, I will also keep a count of how many values I checked until now. Whenever it reaches 1000, I will stop processing. This count also, I will write on a paper. 
3. Actually I don't have to iterate through whole array, once I got the lucky number. There is no point in counting frequency of any other number once we got the lucky number

Following is what I came up with.

We have 2 major phases in the implementation.
Phase 1: One is to read the sequence and store it in an array.
Phase 2: Second is finding the lucky number in that array.

Phase 1
1. Read the size of sequence from input
2. Create an empty array
3. Read the next value from input
4. Append it to the array
5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 until you read all values of the sequence
Phase 2
6. Create a new variable called count and initialize it to 1
7. Start from the second element of the array (Why second? Why not first?)
8. Take the element (why are we starting from second element and not first element?)
9. Compare it with the previous element
10. If current element and previous element have same value then increase the count by 1
11 Otherwise
11.1 Compare count value with the previous element value
11.2 If they are equal then you have found a lucky number. Stop and break out of the loop.
11.3 Otherwise reset the value of count to 1 (Why 1? Why not 0?)
12. Repeat steps 8 to 11 until we reach end of array.
13. We need to check if we came out of the loop becasue we found lucky number or because we reached end of the array.
14. If we found lucky number, then display it.
15. If we reached end of the array, then check if the frequency of last element is same as its value.
15.1 If yes then last element is the lucky number. Display it.
15.2 Otherwise there is no lucky number. Display -1.

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.

There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (steps 1 and 3)
b. Initialize an empty array (step 2)
c. Creating new variables (step 6)
d. Append an element in array.(step 4)
e. Comparing numbers (steps 9, 11.1 and 15)
f. Displaying output (steps 11.2, 15.1 and 15.2)
g. Repeating the process for one number at a time (steps 5 and 12)
h. Break statement- (step 11.2)
i. Create an empty array

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignments like "Rating contest" or "Even or Odd"
How to take different actions? - Please refer to the assignment "Rating contest"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
How to Initialize an empty array? Please refer to assignment "Good Pairs"
How to use break statements?- Please refer to the lectures where break statements are covered
How to append an element in array- Use array.push() method.
Suppose I have an array = [1,2,3,4] and if I will do array.push(5) then my array will become [1,2,3,4,5]
Similarly if I have to add a new value from user, I can use readLine() for taking value and then array.push() for appending that value to end of array
One example for that will be:
arr=[]
for(let i=1;i<4;i++){
input = readLine()
arr.push(input)
}

Here if input from user is 7,5,10 then the final array we have is arr=['7','5','10'].
In the above example we are using "input = readLine()", so all the elements in the array are string. If we want numbers instead of string, inside array then we should write input = parseInt(readLine()). Try to use this approach whenever you have inputs in multiple lines and you want to store them in an array.

Please use console.log() statements in different lines and observe how it is working. Best way is to put console.log() statement after arr.push() method like this
  arr=[]
for(let i=1;i<4;i++){
input = readLine()
arr.push(input)
console.log(arr)
}

Now you will observe that the array is ['7'] , ['7','5']  and ['7','5','10'] after first second and third iteration respectively, when the input from the user is 7,5 and 10 respectively.
Please rewatch the lecture recordings also, this concept is already covered in lectures


Following are some common mistakes.
1. Not converting string to integer
2. Not writing the loop condition correctly
3. Not using the brackets correctly
4. Printing extra output
5. Comparing frequency of number to its value at incorrect place.
6.Not assigning value of variable count again to 1, or assigning it at incorrect place.
7. Using break statement at incorrect place (if you are using it).
8. Not handling boundary conditions (observe the boundary test cases), especially the case when last number of the list is lucky number.
