Let us divide problem statement into 3 parts.
Firstly, The problem statement says
"we will be given a series of n dials, all set to zero initially."

Let's try to understand this first

Imagine that, we have 3 dials which are Dial 1, Dial 2 and Dial 3.
And each of it has a default value set to it.

Now, according to the problem statement.
What would be those default values set to these 3 dials?

1,2,3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement and try again.
0,1,2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement and try again.
0,0,0 - This is correct answer. Each dial will initially start with the value zero (0).

Now, Let's try to understand the second part of the problem statement,

"An input i arrives. The i-th dial is incremented by 1,
Similarly for input j, j-th dial is incremented by 1."

Let us consider the previous example.

We have 3 dials.
Dial 1 with value 0
Dial 2 with value 0 and
Dial 3 with value 0

Now, if an input 2 is given, Which dial will be incremented by 1?

Dial 1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement and try again.
Dial 3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement and try again.
Dial 2 - This is correct answer.

Note that, the value of Dial 2 is now incremented by 1.

Now, The new values of dials are as follows:
Dial 1 with value 0
Dial 2 with value 1 and
Dial 3 with value 0

Now, if following inputs are given:
3
2

Which dials will be incremented by 1?

Dial 3 and Dial 1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement and try again.
Dial 1 and Dial 2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement and try again.
Dial 3 and Dial 2 - 
This is correct answer.

Note that, Dial 3 will be incremented first  and
then Dial 2 will be incremented

Now, The new values of dials are as follows:
Dial 1 with value 0
Dial 2 with value 2 and
Dial 3 with value 1.

Now, Let's try to understand the third part of the problem statement,

"A max value will be given. Given a sequence of such inputs,
find which dial reaches the max value first."

Let us consider the previous example.

Dial 1 is with value 0
Dial 2 is with value 2 and
Dial 3 is with value 1.

Now, If the max value is given as 2,
looking into the values of Dials,
Which Dial reached the max value first?

Dial 1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement and try again.
Dial 3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement and try again.
Dial 2 -
This is correct answer.

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

What does the first line of input contain?
Number of dials (n) - This is correct answer.
Number of inputs (m), Max limit for the dial (max) - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

What does the second line of input contain?
Number of inputs (m), Number of dials (n) - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Max limit for the dial (max) - This is correct answer.

What does the third line of input contain?
Max limit for the dial (max), Number of dials (n) - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Number of inputs (m) - This is correct answer.

After the third line, How many lines does the input contain?
2 lines, 3 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
m lines - This is correct answer.

Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.

How many lines should the output contain?
2 lines, 3 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
1 line - This is correct answer.

As per the problem statement, we have to print 0 in some scenarios. We have 2 scenarios below. In which of these scenarios should we print 0?
S1: When number of dials given is 1
S2: If none of the dial reaches maximum limit given
S1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
S2 - This is correct answer.

While trying to understand the problem statement, input and output format, we also saw a test case. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previously.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example given in the problem.

The sample input from the problem is
3
2
4
1
2
1
3

I will try to explain what I did.

I looked at the first line. It is 3.
Which is the number of dials(n).
i.e., n = 3

Then I wrote down 3 dials with their default values as 0:
Dial 1 with value 0,
Dial 2 with value 0 and
Dial 3 with value 0.

I looked at the second line. It is 2.
Which is the max limit for the dial (max)
i.e., max = 2

I looked at the third line. It is 4.
Which is the the number of inputs (m)
i.e., m = 4
It means, we have to read next 4 lines as inputs for incrementing dial values

Then I looked at the fourth line.
It is 1.
It means, I have to increment Dial 1 value by 1.

Now, The new values of dials are as follows:
Dial 1 with value 1
Dial 2 with value 0 and
Dial 3 with value 0.

and none of the dials have reached the max value which is 2

Then I looked at the fifth line.
It is 2.
It means, I have to increment Dial 2 value by 1.

Now, The new values of dials are as follows:
Dial 1 with value 1
Dial 2 with value 1 and
Dial 3 with value 0.

and none of the dials have reached the max value which is 2

Then I looked at the sixth line.
It is 1.
It means, I have to increment Dial 1 value by 1.

Now, The new values of dials are as follows:
Dial 1 with value 2
Dial 2 with value 1 and
Dial 3 with value 0.

Now, Dial 1 value has reached the max value which is 2

Since Dial 1 first reached the max limit of the dial 
We can stop looking into the inputs and
we need to print 1 as an output.

Similarly, Can you try to write down an algorithm based on this?

Following are some hints.
1. What do you need to read from input?
2. What do you need to store? When will you use it?
3. What do you need to update? And when should you update?

Following is what I came up with.
1. Read the number of dials
2. Read the max limit of the dial
3. Read the number of inputs for which we have to increase corresponding dial value by 1
4. Write down the max dial as 0
5. Create an empty array
6. Assign 0 as default value to the each element of the array till the number of dials
7. Read the next number from the inputs
8. Increment the corresponding dial value by 1
9. Check if the value of the dial reached the max limit of the dial
10. If yes, update the value of max dial to the dial that reached the max limit of the dial and stop reading inputs by using break
11. If no, repeat steps 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 until you reach the end of the inputs
12. By the end, max dial will be the dial that first reached the max limit of the dial as per problem statement

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.
There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input into a variable (step 1,2,3 and 7)
b. Creating new variables (steps 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5)
c. Check if one number is same as another number (step 9)
d. Displaying output (step 12)
e. Repeating the check for one number at a time
f. Stop reading the inputs by using break.

We have discussed all the above in previous assignments multiple times..

How to use break - Please look into the break, continue lecture from STOC module

Now we know all the concepts required to convert our algorithm into code. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.
