First step is "Understand the problem statement".

Which of the following statement is correct regarding integer P, from the problem statement?
Option1: P is the length of the array
Option2: P can be any element of the array
Option3: P is the smallest element of the array
Option4: P is the largest element of the array.

Option1- This answer is incorrect, Please read the problem description carefully.
Option2- This is correct answer.
Option3- This answer is incorrect, Please read the problem description carefully.
Option4- This answer is incorrect, Please read the problem description carefully.

Suppose the integer P=5, what do we have check in the array?
Option1: How many numbers are greater than the number 5 in the array.
Option2: At least 5 numbers must be greater than 5 in the array.
Option3: Exactly 5 numbers should be greater than the number 5.

Option1- This answer is incorrect, please read the problem statement carefully.
Option2- This answer is incorrect, please read the problem statement carefully.
Option3- This is correct answer.


Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
4 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
5 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of the array - This is correct answer.
First element of array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
space separated elements of array- This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.


Suppose first line of input contains 11. Then, how many lines will the input have?
12 - This is correct answer. Since first line of the input contains size of array (i.e 11), then next 11 lines contain the elements of array, starting from line 2. So, 11 lines containing elements of + first line, total there are 12 lines.
11 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
13 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Cannot say - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.


We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
1
15

Input 2:
3
95
39
38

Input 3:
2
1
0



Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 3- This answer is incorrect. The size of array is 3 and there are 3 elements, why do you think it is invalid?
Input 2- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think it is invalid, because elements are 1 and 0?
Input 1- This is correct answer. Input 1 is invalid because here size of array is 1, but in the input description it is mentioned that it should be >=2.



Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.


How many lines should the output contain?
1 lines - This is correct answer. There is only 1 line in output, displaying 1 ot -1.
2 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.


Suppose the given array is


Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
4
5
7
3
9


What should be the output for the above input?
-1- This answer is incorrect. Please go through the output decsription carefully.
1- This is correct answer. Here last element of the array is 3 and there are exactly 3 elements greater than 3 in the array.

Input:
5
4
4
14
72
28


What should be the output for the above input?
-1- This is correct answer.
1- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think this is correct answer. There are only 3 elements which are greater than 4. Please read the problem description carefully.


While trying to understand the input and output format, we also saw a few test cases. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.

1. Normal test cases - length of the array is like 5, 8 and 10 .
1.1 When all the elements are different, there exist an integer P for which there are exactly P numbers greater than P in the array.
1.2 When all the elements are different, there is no integer P for which there are exactly P numbers greater than P  in the array.
1.3 When all the elements are same, there is no integer P for which there are exactly P numbers greater than P  in the array.
1.4 When all the elements are different, and there are more than 1 integer P for which there are exactly P numbers greater than P  in the array.

2. Boundary test cases
2.1 When all the elements are same, and still for an integer P there are exactly P numbers in the array.


Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 5 new test cases.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previously.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
4
5
7
3
9

I will try to explain what I did.

I looked at the first line. It contains 4 that means the size of array is 4.

Then I see in the next 4 lines, these are 4 elements of the array.

Then looked at first element of the array i.e 5 and compared all the element of the array with 5 and count how many numbers are greater than 5, which is 2 elements(7 and 9)

Then I move second element of the array i.e 7 and compared all the element of the array with 7 and count how many numbers are greater than 7, which is 1 element( 9)

Then I move to third element of the array i.e 3 and compared all the element of the array with 3 and count how many numbers are greater than 3, which is 3 element(5,7 and 9).

After that I stopped moving to next element of array, since I got the integer P(3 in this case) for which there are P(3 in this case) elements greater than P(3 in this case).


Now imagine that there are 1000 elements in the array
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words.

1. As there are 1000 elements in the array, it will be difficult for me to remember all the elements of the array, so I will write all the elements of the array in paper.
2. Now I will start from first element of the array and start counting how many numbers in the array are greater than that of the element. 
3. After comapring with all the elements I will compare the value of count with the element value and if they are equal that means I dont have to check for any other element and my output is 1
4. If count value and element value is not equal then I will repeat same process for next element
5. So if there is no element exist that means my output is -1.


Following is what I came up with.

We have 2 major phases in the implementation.
Phase 1: One is to read the elements of the array.
Phase 2: Second is finding the noble integer.

1. Read the length of the array
2. Create an empty array.
3. Read the next value from input
4. Append it to the array
5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 until you read all the elements of the array.
Phase 2
11. Create a variable i and initialize it to 0.
12. Create a variable called count and initialize it to 0.
13. Create a variable called currVal and initialize it to value at index i of the array.
14. Now start comparing element of array, if it is greater than currVal or not, if yes
14.1 Increase the value of count by 1, otherwise
14.2 Do nothing 
15. Repeat the steps 14, 14.1 and 14.2 till we reach the end of array.
16. After reaching the end of array, compare the value of count with the value of currVal.
16.1 If both are equal then break out of the loop and display 1, otherwise
16.2 Go to the next element of array by increasing the value of i by 1
17. Repeat step 12, 13, 14, 14.1, 14.2, 15, 16, 16.1 and 16.2 untill we reach end of the array.
18. After reaching the end of array display -1, since there is no integer P in the array for which there are exactly P numbers greater than P.


Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.

There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (steps 1 and 3).
b. Displaying output (steps 16.1 and 18).
c. Repeating the process for one number at a time (steps 5,15 and 17).
d. Creating an empty array (steps 2).
e. Creating new variable (steps 11,12 and 13).
f. break statement- (step 16.1)

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignments like "Rating contest" or "Even or Odd"
How to take different actions? - Please refer to the assignment "Rating contest"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
How to Initialize an empty array? Please refer to assignment "Good Pairs"
How to use break statements?- Please refer to the lectures where break statements are covered
How to append an element in array? Please refer to the assignment like "good pairs" and "lucky number"
