First step is "Understand the problem statement".

What is the meaning of rotating array clockwise, m times, in this assignment?
Option 1: Shifting each element of array to the left side by m times.
Option 2: Shifting each element of array to the right side by m times.

Option 1- This is incorrect answer, if it was asked to rotate anti clockwise then this was correct.
Option 2- This is correct answer.

Suppose we have to rotate array only 1 time, what will happen to last element of array?
Option 1: It will be removed from array, since there is no place in right to shift it.
Option 2: It will be shifted to index 0, since first element is moved to index 1, so there is empty space at index 0.

Option 1- This is incorrect answer. We have to move it to index 0
Option 2- This is correct answer

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
1 line - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
2 lines - This is correct answer.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

What does the first line of input contain?
Elements of array - This is correct answer.
First element of the array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Number of times we have to rotate array- This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

What does the second line of input contain?
Elements of array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
First element of the array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Number of times we have to rotate array- This is correct answer.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.


We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
10 20 30
0

Input 2:
3 5 7 9 2
5

Input 3:
4 2 7 3 8 9
10


Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 2- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think it is not valid, because m=5? Please read the input description carefully.
Input 3- This answer is incorrect. Why do you think it is not valid, because m > length of array? Please read the input description carefully.
Input 1- This is correct answer. Input 1 is invalid because m=0 and it is mentioned in problem description that m is a positive integer


Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.


How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
2 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is correct. Since output depends on the size of array.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
7 10 14 2 6
3

What should be the output for the above input?
Output-1 
7
10
14

Output-2
14
2
6
7
10

Output-3
2
6
7
10
14

Output-1 - This answer is incorrect.
Output-3 - This answer is incorrect. Here the array is rotated anticlockwise, m times. 
Output-2 - This is correct answer. Since after 3 rotation 7 will reach to index 3, 10 will reach to index 4 and likewise 14,2,6 will reach to index 0,1,2  respectively.


Consider the following input.
Input:
3 10 12 15
7

What should be the output for the above input?
Output-1 - Not possible to rotate.

Output-2
10
12
15
3


Output-1 - This answer is incorrect. Why do you think its not possible, because m > length of array?
Output-2 - This is correct answer. It is possible to rotate array even when m > length of array.


In which of the following scenario the rotated array is same as the given array?
S1- Only when m is exactly equal to length of array.
S2- When m is multiple of length of array.
S3- When m is greater than length of array.

S1- This answer is incorrect, there are more scenario in which it is possible (e.g- if array is [5,9,13] and m=6 or m=9).
S2- This is correct answer.
S3- This answer is incorrect. Suppose if array is [4,7,11,18] and m=6 then will the element 4 be at same index after 6 rotations?

While trying to understand the input and output format, we also saw a few test cases. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.

1. Normal test cases - length of the list is like 5, 8, 10 etc.
1.1 When m is less than length of array.

2. Boundary test cases
2.1. When m is greater than or equal to length of array.


Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 2 new test cases.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previously.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
3 10 12 15
7

I will try to explain what I did.

I looked at the first line. It has sequence of integers

Then I looked at value of m in line 2, which is equal to 7.

Now I compared value of m with length of array, m is greater than length of array.

Since I know after 4 (which is the length of the array) rotations, all elements will be at same place.

So I took the remainder, after dividing 7 (value of m) from 4 (length of array), i.e. 3, and shifted each of the element to its right 3 times. (Why took remainder, why not 7-4? because it will not work when m >= 2*length of array).

Now I see that after all rotations element 10 reached to start index followed by 12, 15 and 3.

Now imagine that the array has 1000 elements and m=2200.
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words.

1. As I process 1000 values, it will be difficult for me to remember all the numbers, so I will write down all the numbers in a paper.
2. Then I will take remainder after dividing m from length of array, lets say it n.
3. Then I will see what was the index of the element previously which is now at the first index, then I will start writing all the element starting from that element to the end of the array.
4. Still I don't have those elements which are before that element which is now at index 0. So, now I wrote all elements starting from the element which is at index 0 previously upto the element which is now at index 0.
5. Here I have observed that when length of array is 1000 and m%(length of array) === 200 then the index 0 position element is at index 200 after final rotation. Similary when m%(length of array) ===3 then final index position of first element is 3.
6. Also the element which is at index 800 previously, is at starting position now, i.e 1000-800 (or length of array - m%(length of array)). Similary for all previous test cases.

Following is what I came up with.

1. Read the array.
2. Read the value m.
3. Create a variable called len for storing the length of array
3. Calculate remainder after dividing m from len. (why not m minus len)
4. Create a variable called rotations and store the value m%len in it.
5. Create a variable called startIndex to store the position of the index which is at index 0 now. Used startIndex = len - rotation.
6. Now display the number which is at index startIndex,then move to next index.
7. Repeat step 6 till we reach end of the array.
8. Now display element which is at index 0, and move to next index.
9. Repeat line 8 till we reach the index startIndex.



Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.

There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (step 2).
b. Creating new variable (steps 3,4 and 6).
c. Read space separated integers (step 1).
d. Displaying output (step 6 and 8).
e. Repeating the process for one number at a time (steps 7 and 9).

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignments like "Rating contest" or "Even or Odd"
How to take different actions? - Please refer to the assignment "Rating contest"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
