First step is "Understand the problem statement".

What is meaning of 2n elements in the array?
Option1: Length of the array is always odd.
Option2: Length of the array is always even.

Option1 - This answer is incorrect.
Option2 - This is correct answer. Since length is 2n, so for any value of n, length will be even only.

Which of the following can never be length of array?
6 - This answer is incorrect. It is possible to have 6 elements in array (for n=3).
0 - This is correct answer. As per the problem description, n can never be 0.

What are x1,x2 and xn mentioned in the problem statement?
Option1: Elements at index 0,1 and n-1 respectively in the input array.
Option2: Elements at index 1,2 and n respectively in the input array.

Option1 - This is correct answer. Since indexing starts from 0 in javascript array.
Option2 - This answer is incorrect. Indexing starts from 0, please observe the given array carefully.

Which of the following statemnets is correct regarding problem statement?
Option1: First half of elements of input array are mentioned as x1,x2...xn and second half of the elements of input array are mentioned as y1,y2...yn.
Option2: Second half of the elements of input array are mentioned as y1,y2...yn and first half of elements of input array are mentioned as x1,x2...xn.

Option1 - This is correct answer.
Option2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
10 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
7 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer. Until we read the first line of input, we don't know how many lines the input contains.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of the array - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Half of the size of the array - This is correct answer. Since first line is n after that next 2n lines will have elements of array.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Suppose first line contains 7. Then, how many lines will the input have?
14 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
15 - This is correct answer. First line contains 7 means the list has 14 (2*7) values. Each value is provided in a separate line, starting from 2nd line. So, 14 lines + the first line. Total 15 lines of input.
8 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Cannot say - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
3
5
10
7


Input 2:
2
9
7
16
25

Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 1 - This is correct answer. Since first line is 3 so there should be 6 elements in the array but only 3 elements are there. So it is invalid input.
Input 2 - This answer is incorrect. This is a valid input.


Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.

How many lines should the output contain?
6 line - 
7 lines - 
15 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
2
10
15
52
24

What should be the output for the above input?
Output1:
10
52
15
24

Output2:
15
10
24
52

Output3:
52
10
24
15

Output1 - This is correct answer.
Output2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
Output3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.


Based on your understanding, come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.

1. Normal test cases - length of the array is like 5, 8, 10 etc.
1.1 Elements can be either positive, negative or zero.

Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 1 new test case.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previosuly.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
2
10
15
52
24

I will try to explain what I did.
I looked at the first line. It contains 2. So, I came to know that there will be 4 values in the array.

Since there are 4 elements so I know they will be in the order x1,x2,y1 and y2. I have to arrange them in order x1,y1,x2 and y2.

Here I looked into x1 that is 10, next I looked for y1 that is 52.

After y1 next element is x2 which is 15.

After x2 next element will be y2 which is 24.

So I got the final array as 10,52,15,24.


Now imagine that the array size is 1000.
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words.

1. As I process 1000 values, it will be difficult for me to remember all the elements of the array. So I will write down all the elements of the array.
2. Now further I have to check for shuffling which element is x1, y1 then x2,y2 and so on. So it will be difficult for me to remember which is which.
3. I have observe that xm element will have the index value as m-1 and ym element will have index value as n+m. Where n is the half of the length of array.

Following is what I came up with.

We have 2 major phases in implementation
Phase 1: One is to read the input of the array.
Phase 2: Second is shuffling the array.

Phase 1
1. Read the value of n, that is half the length of array
2. Create an empty array.
3. Read the next value from input.
4. Append it to the array.
5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 until you read all the elements of the array.
Phase 2
6. Create an empty array called resArr
7. Create a variable i and initialize it to 0.
8. Now push the element at index i and index i+n.
9. Move to next element by increasing the value of i by 1.
10. Repeat step 8 and 9 till value of i reaches to value n.
11. Now for to index 0 element of the array.
12. Display that element.
13. Move to the next element.
14. Repeat steps 11 and 12 till we reach end of the array.

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.


There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (steps 1 and 3).
b. Displaying output (step 12).
c. Repeating the process for one number at a time (steps 5, 10 and 14).
d. Creating an empty array (steps 2 and 6).

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignments like "Rating contest" or "Even or Odd"
How to take different actions? - Please refer to the assignment "Rating contest"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
How to Initialize an empty array? Please refer to assignment "Good Pairs"
How to use break statements?- Please refer to the lectures where break statements are covered
How to append an element in array? Please refer to the assignment like "good pairs" and "lucky number"
