First step is "Understand the problem statement".

The problem statement is very simple.
- We have 2 strings.
- We need to check if they are anagrams or not.

To be able to solve this, we need to understand the meaning of anagram.
Before proceeding further, use internet and read about anagrams (Warning: Do not look up the solutions).

Two strings are called anagrams, if one string can be obtained by rearranging the characters of the second string.

Which of the following is not an anagram of heater?
reheat - This answer is incorrect.
aethar - This is correct answer.
hearet

We have a few pairs of words below. Which pair does not contain anagrams?
Pair 1: hectare, teacher
Pair 2: trainer, terrain
Pair 3: armrest, smarter
Pair 4: create, reacot

Pair 1 - This answer is incorrect.
Pair 2 - This answer is incorrect.
Pair 3 - This answer is incorrect.
Pair 4 - This is correct answer.

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is "Come up with new test cases".
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
2 - This is correct answer. Input will contain 2 lines. Each line will contain one string.
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This is correct answer.
2 - 
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.

If the given strings are anagrams, what should we output?
Yes - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
1 - This is correct answer. If the given strings are anagrams, we should print 1. Otherwise, we should print 0.
They are anagrams
True

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
break
brake

What should be the output for the above input?
1 - This is correct answer. break and brake are anagrams. So, we should output 1.
0 - This answer is incorrect.

You have seen multiple test cases. Based on them, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.
---
1. Normal test cases
1.1. Both strings are anagrams (string length more than 1)
1.2. Both strings are of same length (length more than 1), but not anagrams
1.3. Both strings are of different lengths
1.4. Both strings are same
---
2. Boundary test cases
2.1. Both strings are of size 1 and anagrams
2.2. Both strings are of size 1 but not anagrams
2.3. Both strings are almost anagrams except for 1 character

Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 7 new test cases.

Write them on a paper.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previously.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.
