First step is to understand the problem statement.

The problem statement is quite simple. We have a list of numbers. We need to count something. What should we count?
Odd numbers - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
Even numbers - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
Both - This is correct answer.

Second step is "Coming up with new test cases". This can be a little tricky.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
5 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
6 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer. Until we read the first line of input, we don't know how many lines the input contains.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of the list - This is correct answer.
First number of the list - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Suppose first line contains 7. Then, how many lines will the input have?
7 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
8 - This is correct answer. First line contains 7 means the list has 7 numbers. Each number is provided in a separate line, starting from 2nd line. So, 7 lines + the first line. Total 8 lines of input.
6 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Cannot say - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
3
54
54
54

Input 2:
4
29
36

Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 1 - This answer is incorrect. Why did you think it is invalid? Is it because 54 is repeated? Please read the input description carefully.
Input 2 - This is correct answer. Input 2 is invalid. First line contains 4, which means there will be 4 numbers in the list. But the input specifies only 2 lines (viz. 29 and 36).
Both are invalid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Both are valid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.

How many lines should the output contain?
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
2 - This is correct answer. Output should contain 2 lines.
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.

Consider the following input.
Input:
3
23
88
951
What should be the first line of output for the above input?
0 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. First line of output should contain the count of odd numbers in the list.
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. First line of output should contain the count of odd numbers in the list.
2 - This is correct answer. First line of output should contain the count of odd numbers in the list. There are 2 odd numbers in the given list (viz. 23 and 951).
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. First line of output should contain the count of odd numbers in the list.

What should be the second line of output for the above input?
0 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. Second line of output should contain the count of even numbers in the list.
1 - This is correct answer. Second line of output should contain the count of even numbers in the list. There is 1 even number in the given list (viz. 88).
2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. Second line of output should contain the count of even numbers in the list.
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. Second line of output should contain the count of even numbers in the list.

Consider the following input.
Input:
3
87
3
1001
What should be the first line of output for the above input?
0 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. First line of output should contain the count of odd numbers in the list.
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. First line of output should contain the count of odd numbers in the list.
2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. First line of output should contain the count of odd numbers in the list.
3 - This is correct answer. First line of output should contain the count of odd numbers in the list. There are 3 odd numbers in the given list (viz. 87, 3 and 1001).

What should be the second line of output for the above input?
0 - This is correct answer. Second line of output should contain the count of even numbers in the list. There are no even numbers in the given list. So we should print 0 in the second line.
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. Second line of output should contain the count of even numbers in the list.
2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. Second line of output should contain the count of even numbers in the list.
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully. Second line of output should contain the count of even numbers in the list.

While trying to understand the input and output format, we also saw a few test cases. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.
1. Normal test cases - length of the list is like 5, 8, 10 etc.
2. Boundary test cases
    i. List contains only odd numbers
    ii. List contains only even numbers
    iii. List contains only 1 number

Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 4 new test cases.
Write them on a paper.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previosuly.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
3
23
88
951

I will try to explain what I did.
I looked at the first line. It contains 3. So, I came to know that there will be 3 numbers in the list.

Then I looked at 23. I know that it is an odd number. So, I started remembering that there is 1 odd number.

Then I looked at 88. I know that it is an even number. So, I started remembering that there is 1 even number and 1 odd number.

Then I looked at 951. I know that it is an odd number. So, I updated my memory to remember that there are 2 odd numbers and 1 even number.

I reached the end of the list, so I recalled from my memory that there are 2 odd numbers and 1 even number.

Now imagine that the list size is 1000.
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words
1. As I process 1000 numbers, it will be difficult for me to remember the counts in my memory. So, I will take a paper and write down count of odd and count of even. That way, for every number, I will update the paper and I don't need to worry about forgetting.
2. If it is a small list like 3 or 5 numbers, then it is easy for me to remember how many numbers I checked. But 1000 is a large number. So, to avoid checking more than 1000, I will also keep a count of how many numbers I checked until now. Whenever it reaches 1000, I will stop processing. This count also, I will write on a paper (just like odd count and even count).

Following is what I came up with.
1. Read list size
2. Write down 3 counts - numberCount, oddCount and evenCount. Initially all 3 of them will be 0.
3. Take a number
4. Check if it is odd
5. If yes, increase oddCount
6. Otherwise increase evenCount
7. In any case, increase numberCount
8. Repeat steps 3 to 7 until numberCount becomes same as listSize
9. By the end, oddCount and evenCount will have the count of odd numbers and even numbers

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.
There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (steps 1 and 3)
b. Creating new variables (step 2)
c. Check if a number is odd or even (steps 4, 5 and 6)
d. Displaying output (step 9)
e. Repeating the check for one number at a time

We have discussed a, b, c and d in previous assignments multiple times.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to check for odd/even? - Please refer to the assignment "Even or Odd"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code?

Until now we have learnt and used various concepts.
- Variables: used to store data
- Arithmetic operators: used for operations like +, -, *, /, %
- Comparison operators: used for operations like <, <=, >, >=, ===, !==
- Conditional statement: used to decide between different actions
But in this problem we want to repeat some set of steps. None of the above concepts can do that. Loops will help us to repeat a set of steps.

Do you know about for loop?
Yes
No - Please watch the lecture on for loop and come back.

Below is the syntax of "for" loop.
for (init_expr; loop_cond; step_expr) {
    // Code that you want to execute repeatedly
}

Note that there are 2 kinds of brackets here.
1. Circular brackets also known as Parantheses - opening bracket is "(", closing bracket is ")"
2. Flower brackets - opening bracket is "{", closing bracket is "}"

Then we also have semi-colons - (i.e. ";")

You should be very careful when writing for loops.
1. You must use the correct type of brackets
2. You must use opening bracket at the correct place
3. You must use closing bracket at the correct place
4. You must use semi-colons at the correct place

Inside the "for" loop, you can write any valid code.

Below is an example of a "for" loop
for (let i = 0; i < listSize; i = i + 1) {
    // Read the next number
    // Check if it is odd
    // If yes, increase oddCount
    // Otherwise increase evenCount
}

If you want detailed example of a for loop, please watch the lecture on for loop.

Now we know all the concepts required to convert our algorithm into code. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

Next step is to execute the code and test with different test cases.

You have the code on your paper. Now write it in your computer and execute it with various test cases.
If all test cases are passing, then submit it on the student portal.

