First step is to understand the problem statement.

We will be given a sequence of integers. We need to find how many times the first value occurs in that sequence.
Suppose the sequence is 23, 44, 31, 23, 44. The occurrences of which value should we count?
23 - This is correct answer. The first value in the sequence is 23. So we should count the occurrences of 23.
44 - This is incorrect answer. Please read the problem statement carefully.
31

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
5 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
6 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer. Until we read the first line of input, we don't know how many lines the input contains.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of the sequence - This is correct answer.
First number of the sequence - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Suppose first line contains 9. Then, how many lines will the input have?
9 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
10 - This is correct answer. First line contains 9 means the sequence has 9 numbers. Each number is provided in a separate line, starting from 2nd line. So, 9 lines + the first line. Total 10 lines of input.
Cannot say - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
3
113
24

Input 2:
4
89
43
7
-5

Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 1 - This is correct answer. Input 1 is invalid. First line contains 3, which means there will be 3 numbers in the sequence. But the input specifies only 2 lines (viz. 113 and 24).
Input 2 - This answer is incorrect. Why did you think it is invalid? Is it because it contains a negative number? Please read the input description carefully.
Both are invalid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Both are valid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.

How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This is correct answer. Output should contain 1 line.
2 - 
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
5
23
44
31
23
44

What should be the output for the above input?
0 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
2 - This is correct answer. We need to print the count of occurrences of the first number from the sequence. First number in the sequence is 23. 23 occurs 2 times in the sequence. So the output should be 2.
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.

Consider the following input.
Input:
3
109
41
1024

What should be the output for the above input?
0 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
1 - This is correct answer. We need to print the count of occurrences of the first number from the sequence. First number in the sequence is 109. 109 occurs only 1 time in the sequence. So the output should be 1.
2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
3 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.

You have seen multiple test cases. Based on them, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.
1. Normal test cases - length of the sequence is like 5, 8, 10 etc.
    i. First number is repeated in multiple places in the sequence
    ii. First number is repeated back to back in the sequence
    iii. First number is repeated and a few other numbers are also repeated
2. Boundary test cases
    i. Sequence contains only 1 number
    ii. First number is not repeated in the sequence
    iii. Entire sequence contains only a single number

Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 6 new test cases.
Write them on a paper.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previosuly.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
5
23
44
31
23
44

I will try to explain what I did.
I looked at the first line. It contains 5. So, I came to know that there will be 5 numbers in the sequence.

Then I looked at 23. This is the first number. I need to count how many times it occurs in the sequence. Until now it occurred one time.

Then I looked at the next number, 44. It is different from 23.

Then I looked at the next number, 31. It is different from 23.

Then I looked at the next number, 23. It is same as 23. So, I updated my memory that 23 occurred 2 times until now.

Then I looked at the next number, 44. It is different from 23.

I reached the end of the list, so I recalled from my memory that 23 occurred 2 times.

You would have something similar. Can you try to write down an algorithm based on this?

Following are some hints.
1. What do you need to read from input?
2. What do you need to store? When will you use it?
3. What do you need to update? And when should you update?

Following is what I came up with.
1. Read sequence size
2. Read the first number
3. Write down the count as 1
4. Read the next number
5. Check if it is same as the first number
6. If yes increase the count
7. Repeat steps 4, 5 and 6 until you reach the end of the sequence
8. By the end, count will contain the number of occurrences of the first number

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.
There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (steps 1, 2 and 4)
b. Creating new variables (steps 1, 2, 3 and 4)
c. Check if one number is same as another number (step 5)
d. Displaying output (step 8)
e. Repeating the check for one number at a time

We have discussed a, b, c and d in previous assignments multiple times.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignment "Even or Odd"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code?

Until now we have learnt and used various concepts.
- Variables: used to store data
- Arithmetic operators: used for operations like +, -, *, /, %
- Comparison operators: used for operations like <, <=, >, >=, ===, !==
- Conditional statement: used to decide between different actions
But in this problem we want to repeat some set of steps. None of the above concepts can do that. Loops will help us to repeat a set of steps.

Do you know about for loop?
Yes
No - Please watch the lecture on for loop and come back.

Below is the syntax of "for" loop.
for (init_expr; loop_cond; step_expr) {
    // Code that you want to execute repeatedly
}

Note that there are 2 kinds of brackets here.
1. Circular brackets also known as Parantheses - opening bracket is "(", closing bracket is ")"
2. Flower brackets - opening bracket is "{", closing bracket is "}"

Then we also have semi-colons - (i.e. ";")

You should be very careful when writing for loops.
1. You must use the correct type of brackets
2. You must use opening bracket at the correct place
3. You must use closing bracket at the correct place
4. You must use semi-colons at the correct place

Inside the "for" loop, you can write any valid code.

Below is an example of a "for" loop
for (let i = 0; i < listSize; i = i + 1) {
    let val = parseInt(readLine());
}

Suppose the value of listSize is 7. How many times will the body of for loop execute?
1 - This answer is incorrect. Please watch the lecture on for loop and come back.
6 - This answer is incorrect. Please watch the lecture on for loop and come back.
7 - This is correct answer.
Don't know - Please watch the lecture on for loop and come back.

Now we want the body of for loop to execute only 6 times. Bablu and Cherry gave 2 suggestions on how to achieve it.
Bablu says write the loop as "for (let i = 1; i < listSize; i = i + 1)"

Cherry says write the loop as "for (let i = 0; i < listSize - 1; i = i + 1)"

Which of them is correct?
Bablu - Bablu is correct. Cherry is also correct.
Cherry - Cherry is correct. Bablu is also correct.
Both - Yes, both are correct.
None - This answer is incorrect. Please watch the lecture on for loop. Focus on the dry run part.

If you want detailed example of a for loop, please watch the lecture on for loop.

Now we know all the concepts required to convert our algorithm into code. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

Next step is to execute the code and test with different test cases.

You have the code on your paper. Now write it in your computer and execute it with various test cases.
If all test cases are passing, then submit it on the student portal.