This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.
To come up with an algorithm, one way is to see if there is a direct relation ship between the input and output.
In the case of "Even or Odd" assignment, there is such a relationship.

Given a number n, following are some properties of n.
P1: Sign of n (i.e. positive or negative)
P2: Remainder when divided by 2
P3: Absolute value of n
Which of these will help us determine whether n is even or odd?
P1 - This answer is incorrect. Please use internet to find out the definition of even and odd numbers.
P2: This is correct answer. If remainder when divided by 2 is 0, then the number is even. Otherwise it is odd.
P3 - same as P1

So, to determine whether a number is even or odd, first we need to know the remainder when divided by 2.
Let us start building our algorithm.
1. Take n
2. Find the remainder when divided by 2
What next?

What is the relationship between the remainder and "even or odd"?
0 - Even, 1 - Odd - This is correct answer. So our next step in the algorithm is to check if the remainder is 0 or 1.
0 - Odd, 1 - Even - This answer is incorrect. Please use internet to find out the definition of even and odd numbers.

Let us add this new step to our algorithm.
1. Take n
2. Find the remainder when divided by 2
3. If the reminder is 0, n is Even. Otherwise, n is Odd.
Hurray!!! This is what we wanted. We wanted to determine whether a number is even or odd. We have come up with an algorithm for it.

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Tip:

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.
First step is "Take n". This means we have to read the input.

Do you know how to read input in Javascript?
Yes - Cool. Take a paper and start writing down the code. Write the code to read input as an integer and store it in n.
No - Please solve the previous problems, like "Simple interest", "Arithmetic Progression" and come back.

Next step is "Find the remainder when divided by 2".

Which of the following operators will give us the remainder?
/ - This answer is incorrect. / operator is division operator. It won't give us reminder. 
% - This is correct answer. This is called "Remainder operator". It is also called "Modulo operator". Following are some examples. 87 % 5, n % 3.
* - This answer is incorrect.

On your paper implementation, add the code to find out remainder.

Next step from algorithm is "If the reminder is 0, n is Even. Otherwise, n is Odd."
Unlike the previous 2 steps, this looks a bit complicated.
Here we have to check the remainder and based on it we have to do different things.

In programming, what do we use to check something?
"if else" statement - This answer is incorrect. "if else" will not compare values. "if else" will execute different codes based on what we provide to if.
Checkers - This answer is incorrect.
Comparison operators - This is correct answer. Comparison operators will help us check various things. Following are some examples. age < limit, balance >= withdrawlAmount, typedPassword === storedPassword

Every comparison operator will provide a result. What is the data type of the result of a comparison operator?
string - This answer is incorrect. Please watch the lecture or use internet to find out the answer.
number
boolean - This is correct answer. boolean data type has only 2 values. Either true or false. Following are some examples.
Don't know - The result of a comparison operator is either true or false.

Which of the following operators will you use to check whether remainder is 0 or not?
= - This answer is incorrect. Single = is called assignment operator. It is not a comparison operator. Please watch the lecture or use internet to understand the difference between = and ===.
=== - This is correct answer. Even if you answered correctly, it is better to watch the lecture or use internet to understand the difference between = and ===.

let remainder = 139 % 2;
console.log(remainder === 0);

What will be the output of the above code snippet?
true - This answer is incorrect.
false - This is correct answer.
Error - This answer is incorrect. Above code is perfectly alright. There is no error.
No output - This answer is incorrect.

Now we know how to compare the remainder. But our algorithm says "If the reminder is 0, n is Even. Otherwise, n is Odd.".
It is not sufficient to compare. Depending on the result, we need to do different things.

Which of the following helps us to do different things based on a value?
"if else" statement - This is correct answer. "if else" is also called a "Conditional statement".
console.log() - This answer is incorrect. console.log() is used to print output. If you are not familiar with console.log() please watch the initial 2 - 3 lectures and revisit the initial 2 - 3 practice assignments.
Comparison operators - This answer is incorrect. Comparison operators will compare 2 values and provide a result (either true or false).
Don't know - Please watch the lecture on "Conditionals" and come back.

Below is the syntax of "if else".
if (comparison_statement) {
    // block of code
} else {
    // block of code
}

Note that there are 2 kinds of brackets here.
1. Circular brackets also known as Parantheses - opening bracket is "(", closing bracket is ")"
2. Flower brackets - opening bracket is "{", closing bracket is "}"

You should be very careful when writing if else statements.
1. You must use the correct type of brackets
2. You must use opening bracket at the correct place
3. You must use closing bracket at the correct place
Otherwise you will get errors.

Inside the "if" block or "else" block, you can write any valid code.

Below is an example of "if else"
let remainder = 139 % 2;
if (remainder === 0) {
    // Do something
} else {
    // Do something different
}

Based on the above discussion, on your paper, write the code for the 3rd step of our algorithm, viz. "If the reminder is 0, n is Even. Otherwise, n is Odd."

By now we have converted our entire algorithm into code.
We have completed 4 steps.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3. Coming up with logic (or algorithm)
4. Converting logic to code
Next step is to execute the code and test with different test cases.

You have the code on your paper. Now write it in your computer and execute it with various test cases.
If all test cases are passing, then submit it on the student portal.

Read about arithmetic operators.
Please use internet to find out which operator provides remainder in Javascript. This is anoyther opportunity to improve internet searching skills. Caution: On internet you can also find complete solution for this assignment. But do not use internet for solutions. You will not learn anything that way.