First step is to understand the problem statement.

We are given a sequence of values. What does each of these values represent?
Price - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
Remaining lifespan - This is correct answer. Each value represents the remaining lifespan of a macbook. A macbook is a laptop from Apple.
Discount

As per the problem statement, which of the following will never be a part of input?
-23 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
0
17
4.5 - This is correct answer. The input will contain only integers. 4.5 is not an integer.

What should we find out?
Total lifespan of functional macbooks - This is correct answer.
Number of functional macbooks - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
Number of expired macbooks
Sum of all lifespans

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
5 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
6 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer. Until we read the first line of input, we don't know how many lines the input contains.

What does the first line of input contain?
Size of the list - This is correct answer.
First value of the list - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Suppose first line contains 23. Then, how many lines will the input have?
23 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
24 - This is correct answer. First line contains 23 means the list has 23 values. Each value is provided in a separate line, starting from 2nd line. So, 23 lines + the first line. Total 24 lines of input.
22 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Cannot say - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

We have some sample inputs below.
Input 1:
4
4
4
4
4

Input 2:
3
79
5

Which of these is not a valid input for this problem?
Input 1 - This answer is incorrect. Why did you think it is invalid? Is it because 4 is repeated? Please read the input description carefully.
Input 2 - This is correct answer. Input 2 is invalid. First line contains 3, which means there will be 3 values in the list. But the input specifies only 2 values (viz. 79 and 5).
Both are invalid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Both are valid - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

Now that we understood the input format, let us understand the output format.

How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This is correct answer. Output should contain 1 line.
2 lines - 
3 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
3
-40
25
5

What should be the output for the above input?
0 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
-10 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
30 - This is correct answer. We need to print the total lifespan of functional macbooks. In the above input, there are 2 functional macbooks, whose lifespans are 25 and 5. So the output should be 30. As per the problem statement, if the lifespan is negative, then it is an expired macbook. So, it is not functional.
2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.

Based on your understanding, come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.
1. Normal test cases - length of the list is like 5, 8, 10 etc.
    i. A mix of positive, negative and 0
    ii. All positive lifespans
    iii. All same lifespans
2. Boundary test cases
    i. List contains multiple values, but all are negative
    ii. List contains multiple values, but all are 0
    iii. List contains multiple values, all are negative except one (which is positive)
    iv. List contains multiple values, all are negative except one (which is 0)
    v. List contains only one value, which is positive
    vi. List contains only one value, which is negative
    vii. List contains only one value, which is 0

Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 10 new test cases.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previosuly.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
3
-40
25
5

I will try to explain what I did.
I looked at the first line. It contains 3. So, I came to know that there will be 3 values in the list.

Then I looked at -40. I see that it is negative. So, I should not consider it.

Then I looked at 25. I see that it is positive. So, I started remembering that the total lifespan until now is 25.

Then I looked at 5. I see that it is positive. So, I updated my memory to add 5 to 25 and remember that the total lifespan until now is 30.

I reached the end of the list, so I recalled from my memory that the total lifespan is 30.

Now imagine that the list size is 1000.
What will you do? Put it in words.

Following are some hints to put the logic in words.
1. As I process 1000 values, it will be difficult for me to remember the total lifespan in my memory. So, I will take a paper and write down the total lifespan. That way, for every value, I will update the paper and I don't need to worry about forgetting.
2. If it is a small list like 3 or 5 values, then it is easy for me to remember how many values I checked. But 1000 is a large number. So, to avoid checking more than 1000, I will also keep a count of how many values I checked until now. Whenever it reaches 1000, I will stop processing. This count also, I will write on a paper (just like total lifespan).

Following is what I came up with.
1. Read list size
2. Write down 2 things - numberCount and totalLifespan. Initially both of them will be 0.
3. Take a value
4. Check if it is positive
5. If yes, add it to totalLifespan
6. In any case, increase numberCount
7. Repeat steps 3 to 6 until numberCount becomes same as listSize
8. By the end, totalLifespan will have the total lifespan of all functional macbooks

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.
There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (steps 1 and 3)
b. Creating new variables (step 2)
c. Check if a number is positive (step 4)
d. Displaying output (step 8)
e. Repeating the process for one number at a time (step 7)

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to compare 2 values? - Please refer to the assignments like "Rating contest" or "Even or Odd"
How to take different actions? - Please refer to the assignment "Rating contest"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
