First step is "Understand the problem statement".

The problem statement is quite simple. We will be given n. We have to print a pattern in which
- 1st line has 1 1
- 2nd line has 2 2's
- 3rd line has 3 3's
and so on until n

Second step is "Coming up with new test cases".
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
1 - This is correct answer.
4 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
2 - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
2 lines - 
5 lines -
Not known until we read input - This is correct answer. The input value will denote the number of lines in output, which we will know only after reading the input.

Writing test cases is very straighforward for this problem.
Come up with 3 new test cases. Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previosuly.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

Suppose the input is 4.

I know that I should print 4 lines of output.
In the 1st line I should print 1
In the 2nd line I should print 22
In the 3rd line I should print 333
In the 4th line I should print 4444

Write this as an algorithm.

Following is what I came up with.
1. Read n
2. Repeat the following n times
3. In ith line, print i i's, side-by-side

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.
There are various things to be implemented.
a. Taking input as an integer (step 1)
b. Creating new variables (step 1)
c. Repeating a set of steps (step 2)
d. Print side-by-side (step 3)

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times, except printing side-by-side.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to repeat some code? - Please refer to the assignments like "Count odd even" or "Count first"
How to print side-by-side?

We know how to print line-by-line. Every console.log() will print in a new line.
But how do we print side-by-side?

Do you know the difference between "2"+"2" and 2+2? We have talked about this in the lecture on "Data Types" and also in the contextual hints for problems like "Simple interest".

let a = 2;
let b = "2";
What will be the values of a+a, b+b?
4, 4 - This answer is incorrect. a+a will give 4. But b+b will not give 4. Note that b contains a string value.
4, 22 - You are almost correct, but not completely correct. b+b will give 22. But it is a string data type. So, it must be represented using double quotes, like "22".
4, "22" - This is correct answer.
a is of number type, so a+a will do arithmetic addition. Thus, 2+2 will give 4.
But b is of string type, so b+b will do string addition. Thus "2"+"2" will give "22".
Note the use of double quotes for b and no double quotes for a.

We can use the string addition to generate a string containing things that we want to print side-by-side.

One point to note in this assignment is that each line of output also requires different number of additions. So, step 3 of our algorithm will get translated into something like below.
Suppose we want to print ith line.
a. Initiate outputValue to be empty string
b. Repeat the below step for i times
c. Replace outputValue with outputValue + i

If we plug the above steps into step 3 of our original algorithm, we will get the final algorithm as follows.

1. Read n
2. Repeat the following (viz. steps 3 and 4) n times
3.a. Initiate outputValue to be empty string
3.b. Repeat the below step (viz. 3.c) for i times
3.c. Replace outputValue with outputValue + i
4. Print outputValue

Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.