First step is "Understand the problem statement".

The problem mentions about a train. We will be given 2 values, n and i. What does n represent?
Train number - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
Ticket price - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.
Number of coaches - This is correct answer.

What does i represent?
Position of a coach - This is correct answer.
Platform number - This answer is incorrect. Please read the problem statement carefully.

We need to find out j such that "the i-th car from the front of the train is the j-th car from the back".

Let us try to understand this by taking an example.

Suppose n is 5 and i is 1. This means the train has 5 coaches.

Let us plug these values into the statement.
"The 1st car from the front of the train is the j-th car from the back."

So, if we count from the front, this is the 1st coach. If we count from the back, what will be its position?
1 - This answer is incorrect. Draw the 5 coaches on a paper and observe carefully.
4 - This answer is incorrect. Draw the 5 coaches on a paper and observe carefully.
5 - This is correct answer. If we count from the back, it will be the 5th coach.

So, if n is 5 and i is 1, then j will be 5.

Now that we understand the problem statement, 2nd step is to come up with new test cases.
First let us understand the input format.

How many lines does the input contain?
1 line - This is correct answer.
4 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
2 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.

What does the input contain?
A number - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Two space separated numbers - This is correct answer. First value represents n and second value represents i.
Two comma separated numbers - This answer is incorrect. Please read the input description carefully.
Don't know - Please read the input description provided in the assignment.

Which of the following is not a valid input for this problem?
9 1 - This answer is incorrect. It is a valid input. To identify the correct answer, think of the relation between n and i.
13 13
4 5 - This is correct answer. "4 5" is not a valid input. In a train with 4 coaches, there cannot be a 5th coach. In other words, i will always be less than or equal to n. This is not explicitly mentioned in the problem. This is something we deduce using our common sense.
17 7

How many lines should the output contain?
1 line - This is correct answer.
2 lines - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.
Not known until we read input - This answer is incorrect. Please read the output description carefully.

Let us now look at some sample test cases.

Consider the following input.
Input:
17 7

What should be the output for that above input?
7 - This answer is incorrect.
8
10
11 - This is correct answer. 7th coach from the front is same as the 11th cocach from the back.

While trying to understand the input and output format, we also saw a few test cases. Based on those, please come up with 3 new test cases.

Following are some hints for coming up with new test cases.

1. Normal test cases
1.1. n is greater than 1 and i is some value between 2 and (n-1)

2. Boundary test cases
2.1. n is greater than 1 and i is 1
2.2. n is greater than 1 and i is same as n
2.3. n is 1 and i is 1

Based on these hints, you can come up with at least 4 new test cases.
Write them on a paper along with the expected output.

We have completed 2 steps in problem solving approach.
1. Understanding the problem statement
2. Coming up with new test cases
3rd step is "Coming up with logic"

Logic means step-by-step procedure which explains how to calculate the result for the given input.
This step-by-step procedure is also called as algorithm.

One way to come up with an algorithm is by using the test cases we wrote down previosuly.
Take a test case.
Write down the input.
Write down the expected result.
Now write down, how you arrived at the result.
Let us demonstrate through an example.

One test input from above is
5 1

I will try to explain what I did.

I looked at the input and found that n is 5 and i is 1.

I took a paper and wrote down 5 coaches. I marked the 1st coach. Then I counted from the back and found that it is 5th coach from the back.

So the output should be 5.

Now imagine n is 1000. What will you do? Put it in words.

Hint: There is a simple mathematical relation between n, i and j.

Following is what I came up with.
1. Read n and i
2. j is same as (n-i+1)

Compare it with what you wrote.
What are the differences?
What are the similarities?

Next step is to convert the algorithm into code.
Note that we have not written even a single line of code until now.
Algorithm design is done on a paper, not in a computer.

Tip: Never jump into writing code without figuring out the logic (also known as algorithm).

Let us convert the algorithm step by step.

a. Taking input as an integer (step 1)
b. Creating new variables (steps 1 and 2)
c. Read 2 values from one line of input (step 1)
d. Displaying output (step 2)

We have discussed all of the above in previous assignments multiple times. Take a paper and write the code for our algorithm.

How to take input? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to create variables? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"
How to read 2 values from 1 line? - Please refer to the assignment "Predict the quadrant"
How to show output? - Please refer to assignments like "Simple interest" or "Square sum"